runtime(zip): support PowerShell Core (#18345)
vim/vim: runtime/doc/pi_zip.txt

   "0": >
	let g:zip_exec=0
<
   FALLBACK TO POWERSHELL CORE~

   This plugin will attempt to use the (more capable) GNU zip/unzip commands

>    first. If these commands fail and if the user has set shell =~ 'pwsh', the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   first. If these commands fail but the user is using PowerShell Core (that is 'shell' option matches "pwsh"), the
```
